1. The Movabe 
    Write a public geometry. Movable interface. 
    It declares a move() method that 
    takes two integer distances(vertical and horizontal)
    as arguments. It has no return value. 

2. The Figure
    Write a public geometry. Figure interface. 
    It extends the above Movable interface with the methods below. 
    (1). An area() that calculates the area of the figure. 
    (2). A show() that returns the string representation of the figure. 

3. The Circle
    Write a public geometry. Circle class that represents a circle. 
    The class implements the methods of the interface Figure. 

    (1). Declare three private intfields, the radius and the coordinates of the center
            of the circle respectively. 
            Make the radius a read-only field using final. 
    (2). Define a constructor which takes the initial values of the fields
            and initializes them. 
    (3). Define the methods of the interface Figure. 
            These are move(),area() and show(). 

    the show() may produce the following result: Circle at (2,4) radius 5. 

4. The Square
    Write a public geometry. Square class which represents a square. 
    The class also implements the methods of the interface Figure. 

    (1).Declare three private int fields, the size of sides 
        and the coordinates of the upper left corner. 
        Make the size of sides a read-only field using final. 
    (2). Define a constructor which takes the initial values of the 
        fields and initializes them. 
    (3). implements the methods of the interface Figure. 
        These are move(), area() and show(). 

    the show() may produce the following result: Square at (2,0) side 4. 

5. The FigureDemo
    write a FigureDemo class outside of the geometry package. with the following
    main method( I am providing the main method below, but you need to complete 
    it by making calling the methods of each object). 

    public static void main(String[] args){
        Figure f1 = new Square(2, 0, 1); 
        Figure f2 = new Circle(4, 5, 3); 

        //f1.show(), f1.move(), f1.area()
        //f2.show(), f2.move(), f2.area()
    }